All right.
So as we just said that's where the new distribution comes into play because indeed we have the conversion
rates for each of our nine strategies.
And right now we're dealing inside this second full loop with a specific strategy in the specific round.
So let's say for example that we're dealing with this strategy here that has a conversion rate of 16.
Well the trick to simulate whether we're going to get a zero or a one is by taking a random draw from
the Vernou the distribution of parameter 0.16 Daury for those of you who didn't get that.
I'm going to explain.
So in fact it's really simple.
This strategy has a conversion rate of 0.16 meaning that there is 16 percent chance which is very high
by the way that the customer we're dealing with right now subscribes to premium plan.
So the question is how can we simulate the fact that we're going to get a zero or one considering that
we have 16 percent chance of getting a 1.
Well that's easy.
The trick to do that and we already did it in case number two is to simply take a random number between
0 or 1.
Then remember we have to understand that naturally and mathematically this random number that we picked
that is that we took randomly from 0 to 1 has a 16 percent chance of being lower than 0.16.
You know it has 16 percent chance of being lower than 0.16 and it has 84 percent chance of being larger
than 0.16 because this number was taken from a uniform distribution.
So therefore since this number we picked has a 16 percent chance of being lower than 0.16.
And the strategy we selected has also 16 percent chance of converting the user to subscribe to the premium
plan.
Well the way we can simulate this conversion is by giving a one to that specific cell we're dealing
right now.
That is the cell I j.
If and only if the random number we picked from 0 to 1 is lower than 0.16 because again this random
number has 16 percent chance of being lower than 0.16 just as the strategy that has 16 percent chance
of converting this customer.
I too subscribe to the payment plan and that's the trick.
Once again we already used that in case number two.
We have to know about it.
Basically if you're going deeper invasion inference or Bayesian statistics you will always use that
trick.
It's a classic one.
So it's good that we are seeing it a second time and forgive me if the explanation seems a little redundant
but I want to make sure everybody gets it.
All right.
So let's do this.
The trick is to check if a random number which we get by number again and more specifically by the random
module from non-bio from which we'll get the rand function.
So you have to understand that the rund function returns uniformly a random number between 0 and 1 because
that's the default parameters here.
So if this random number taken between 0 and 1 is lower than the conversion rate of the strategy number
J here that we're dealing with in this specific loop applied to user number II or round number.
Because each round corresponds to a different user while the cell that we're dealing with right now
in array x row and con Jaker responding to Strategy number Jey applied to customer eye.
Well we'll update that cell to one.
And here we go.
That's the only thing we have to do to create the simulation.
So of course now we're going to execute this and I'm going to show you what we'll get and to even provide
a further and stronger intuition of what we just did.
I'm going to provide another example.
So let's say first just press command or control us as to save.
And now let's select everything and press command or control plus enter to execute.
And now we're going to use our very practical variable explore because inside we're going to find not
only our conversion rates list but mostly our simulated array as containing the simulation over 10000
rounds of users connecting one by one one after the other to the online business retail Web site and
then facing each of them a strategy trying to convert them to subscribe to the premium plan.
So let's have a look.
Here it is.
I'm going to enlarge this and here it is.
All right.
So first of all let's remind and understand clearly that each row here corresponds to a user connecting
to the online business it's a Web site and that happens one by one.
One after the other so first thing that happened is the first user connects to the online business retail
Web site.
And according to our simulation this first user will only convert if we deploy the strategy of index
6 which is the strategy number 7 because indexes started 0 and then for the same user if we deploy any
other strategy.
Well this customer will not convert.
All right.
And that makes around.
That's it.
Then the customer goes away and there goes the second customer who connects to the online business retail
website.
And same for this user based on our simulation.
This customer will only subscribe to the premium plan if we deploy strategy of index 6 that is strategy
number 7.
That interesting that third user which is next round connects to the online business retail website.
And for this customer.
Well none of these strategies will lead to a conversion.
All right.
And same for the next user.
Then the next user happens which is the next round.
And for this customer none of the strategy will convert this customer to the premium plan.
And then interestingly for first situation here.
Well based on the simulation this customer does next customer in this next round would subscribe to
the premium plan only if we deploy either strategy number one or strategy number two.
And that could totally happen you know it's normal that we can have several ones in a row because each
customer doesn't have to respond positively to only one strategy could respond positively to several
strategies.
So that means that here if we deploy a strategy number one.
Well since we have one year this customer will convert to the premium plan.
But then imagine we're doing this round again.
Well if we show that is deployed this customer strategy number two while discussing mode also convert
because you know he could also be attracted to the packages and strategy number two or you know sensitive
to the way Strategy number two has deployed.
So that's how it works.
And if we scroll down we can notice you know that indeed strategy number seven seems to have the most
ones but I'm going to show you this much more clearly with the following trick.
I'm going to press OK now and I'm going to just to show you clearly what we just did.
This is going to be so obvious now.
I'm going to make a different list of conversion rates which will be the following.
So let's imagine that the first strategy has an 0.1 conversion rate.
Then the second one has an 0.2 conversion rate and the third one has 0.3 conversion rate.
The fourth one and open for fifth one 0.5 6 1 0.6 7 1 0.7 H1 0.8 and the ninth one point nine.
And I'm going to put this second line in comment so that doesn't execute.
And now I'm going to reset the code again and we're going to execute again and you're going to see that
with these conversion rate we're going to clearly see that the more we go to the right and the X-ray
the more we'll get once.
And that's because the more we get to the right the higher is the conversion rate and therefore the
more we'll get one.
I just want to show you this way you can clearly see that the way we did our simulation works very well.
So I'm going to save select all this and execute again.
And now let's have a look at X again and you're going to see how this is going to be.
So I'm just now going to enlarge this.
All right.
And indeed we can see that the columns on the left that is the columns corresponding to the low conversion
rate get mostly zeros and the more we go to the right the higher the conversion rate and therefore the
more we get once we can clearly see that by skirling down over and over again.
Indeed the last column corresponds to the strategy that has the highest conversion rate 0.9.
And that's why it mostly gets once in its column.
All right.
So just wanted to show you this.
That's again an important trick to know how to do when doing Bayesian statistics or working with Bayesian
inference.
So I can leave this line as a comment if you want.
So you can have a look at it again.
But let's get back our real conversion rates.
And here we go.
We're done with the simulation and now we're ready to implement Tompson sampling.
I can't wait to do that in the next couple of tutorials.
We're going to follow exactly the algorithm provided in the slide or in the book and Indian you will
see how it is so powerful.